   我确信，在我们一生当中一定都看过一部让我们很有感触的动画或者漫画。不管是因为什么，可能是其中的某些东西向我们阐述了具体而又深刻的思想，也可能它让我们想起了我们人生当中的一些经历。再或者，它向我们传达了一些我们所明白的道理，也可能是让你产生共鸣的角色。基于此，我们对他们产生了强烈的感情，以至于无论它有怎样的不足，我们都会平淡地看待那些批评。因为，对我们而言，那，真的无关紧要。
   它不影响我们的观看体验，也不影响我们为什么对作品非常有感觉，而且就算别人真的发现了它的瑕疵。可是我们真的不关心那些，就像他们观看后也没有和你拥有同样的感受。对于我们而言，这部作品是完美的便足够了。当然，客观上完美的动漫，完美的游戏以及完美的电影可能都不存在。但最近我却十分幸运地在电影院看了这部破记录的《你的名字》，我看完后目瞪口呆，以至于，我足足看了三遍。而那也不足以让我满足，然后当我看完第三遍从电影院走出来的时候，我知道了，我已经找到了新的完美的动画，但是我也明白，如果我称其为完美，或者神作，或者任何夸张赞誉的词汇，肯定又会有人为了这类的爱情情节而争吵。因为说到底，这些都是我们主观的感受。然而我真的不能理解为什么其他人那么蔑视我们真心流露的情感。我当然知道这电影不是完美的。角色的成长并没有那么令人深思，小部分情节纯属闹剧。我也认为如果我认真的考量一下，我也能找到剧情漏洞。对我来说电影从头到尾都是直击心灵的。所以我认为那些都无所谓，因为这部电影达成了我认为它需要做的。而这部电影是有如此多我喜欢的地方，以至于我对他们的热爱一丁点都不会改变。我已记不得上次我看到如此迷人的电影是什么时候了。而且并不能拿出单独的一件事来说明为什么我如此喜爱这部电影：
  一对由彗星连接起来的唯美恋人若隐若现地爱着对方，画面很好地展示了少男少女朦胧而又无忧无虑的生活，就像我们以前一个人在夏天孤独地看着一天慢慢离去的怀念的感觉，那种对我们认为曾经拥有却已丢失的如梦境般的渴望。同时又融合了幻想，人际关系，自然灾害，不可思议地编织成了这个扣人心弦的故事。如此多的元素糅合成了一部再让我从各个角度看都有感觉的作品，这些都超越了那些仅仅是让人去分析角色，画面，剧情和音乐的标准。离开电影院时，我的脸上写满了遇见又同时失去朋友的甜蜜与悲伤，这让我对于漫画重燃激情和展望，而那不是什么漫评8分或者9分能够替代的。
   对我来说，这就是完美的作品。任何剧情和角色又或者瑕疵都不会改变我的评价，但我同时又知道不是所有人都会和我一样拥有相同的感受，抑或评价会那么高。也会有那些觉得故事并没有那么大吸引力的观众，而有些人则期待太高，还有些人可能只是觉得没有任何共鸣的地方，这完全都是可以的。 没有人能创作出让所有人有绝对共鸣的作品。
   既然如此，为什么我们还要继续假装客观地分析一部作品的好坏。我见过的很多评论者都把剧情作为评判一部好作品的绝对标准，像是只有一个能做出好作品的公式一样。在这里我是完全不同意的。当然，有那些个理论告诉我们什么是好作品，这绝大多数都适用。但同时我们也不能忘了他们的本质上是什么，一种参考，并不是绝对的。每个规则都有例外，每一部动漫都会实现一些不同的东西。某些电影或者表演的美丽之处在于他们能给你留下深刻印象，即使他们有明显的瑕疵，或者有时我们甚至欣然接受那些瑕疵。
   我们常说一部动漫对话需少，但看了物语系列后才知道动漫作品可以因对话而变得生趣盎然。如果人物和写作是那么重要的话，我们也不会得到像《超时空甩尾》那样爆炸般的视觉盛宴。我们曾以为已经厌倦的女孩和男孩在一起的俗气庆祝，EVA的结局感情却又是如此的清冽让人们爱恨交织。直到现在都是热门讨论的中心并让人与作品产生强烈的共鸣。那到底，是什么让一部作品对我们来说有着深刻的意义呢？结论是，没有任何东西可以描述它。但确实有一个让这些作品变得有意义的原因。那就是激情与共同语言（即与作品产生共情的情境）。
从本质意义上来说，动漫是一种艺术形式，一种让作者和观众沟通的艺术手法，可能是一些理念，一些情感和经历又或者是其他的东西。而我最爱的正是那些理念和沟通真正与我产生共鸣的作品。可能是一个劲爆的画面，唯美的时刻，又或者是奇妙的剧情。我确信你们都有自己喜欢的作品，这也是我认为好的评论者应该能分析出为什么电影和动漫能使我们产生共鸣的原因。到底是它的什么方面吸引了特定的观众，而不是空洞的总结一句“从客观上来说它是好的作品“的评断。这根不是什么客观上的东西，所以为什么我们不去谴责过于主观的认知而失去接受它呢？ 我最喜欢的作品与它的类别无关，而是因为我喜欢他们的情感表达的方式方法。
   最近我看到了越来越多的人开始接受动画的批判性分析，这是非常好的。引导用户用更聪明的方式去看动漫也没有什么问题，长此以往反而我觉得很棒的是，动漫界会更加注重前沿的技术运用和幕后剪辑工作而不只是简单地享受它的乐趣，即同时拥有批判性思维又不失主观性成为了可能。所以你可以觉得好笑，但是这个世界上并没有什么低级，或者不好的品味。而事实上，人们往往最糟糕地是逃避他们真实的想法，抑或为了不让人讨厌从而改变他们真正的喜好。我见过太多的人掩饰他们真实的喜好仅仅因为他们自认为喜爱的番剧过于主流和烂俗，或者是一些别的不被认同的原因。喜欢一部动漫并没有什么错，就算它没有出色的角色，剧情，摄影，或者你仅仅喜欢他的是因为一些很蠢的理由，但不应该去附和那些大众和漫评人认同的番剧。
   这些蠢理由：诸如十分无聊，不好看更是一点错都没有。倘若你能够骄傲地说出“嘿，我喜欢这部动漫就是因为它很无聊”没问题啊。我也认同你的想法。在这里呢我也很骄傲地说我非常喜欢《纯情好房东俏房客》这部番剧，因为它能勾起我青春期时期找到了一个能接受我的伴侣的浪漫想法。而每过一段时间我就会被另一部作品所吸引，尽管我知道它们很烂俗。但你的喜好口味也展示了你的与众不同。你的兴趣是由你的经历和成长塑造的，这使你成为了今天的你，所以你TM为什么不为自己骄傲呢。它不应该是说你的品味有多么地好，更不是炫耀你多么有知识。它也绝不会成为你比别人聪明的理由。我们看动漫应该是保持开放的心态，接受不同人的个性，以及最重要的，享受动漫的乐趣。我是那种可以前一分钟可以严肃地讨论今敏演的复杂的角色表现，下一分钟开始争吵那个物语妹子是最好的人。事实上，这些讨论都是我参与过最开心有趣的，同时有幸也认识了一些非常有趣的朋友。
  而无论你心中特殊的作品是什么，他们都代表了那个最为真实的你。所以请不要忘了这一点。最后，通过前面这一切盲目而没有任何目的表达，我真正想说的一句话是：前几天，我看了一部动漫，然后，我很喜欢它。非常好看，不。事实上，它是无以伦比的！
I'm sure we've all at one point in our lives, watched or read an anime or mangathat we really felt we had a connection with. Something that spoke tous on a deeper level for whatever reason that maybe. Perhaps it reminded us of anexperience we had in our lives, or conveyed a message we really understood or had some characters you could totally empathize with. Because of it, we ended up growing a deep attachment to the point where no matter what flaws the thing may actually have, we could easily overlook it because well, it didn't matter. It didn't affect our experience of why we got so attached to it and even if others did find flaws with it, we didn't care, as they didn't have the same experience that you did.To us it was perfect even if objectively speaking the perfect anime, the perfect game, the perfect movie, cannot, exist. Recently I was lucky enough to be able to see the record-breaking “Your name” in theaters, and it absolutely blew me away. So much so I had to watch it not twice, but three times for getting close to satisfied. And it was after I walked outof the theater for the third time that I knew what find my new perfect anime, except i know that critically speaking if i call this perfect or a masterpiece or any other overly superlative adjectives, there will be those of us who would argue the romantics of describing itsuch a way because at the end of the day, it's an opinion that subjective. And I don't know why this world is so look down upon when we were talking critically about something. Of course I know the film isn't perfect. The characters aren’t the deepest, some moments of it contain of melodrama and I'm sure if I thought deeply about it, I can find plot hole. Cause the film speaks the heart throughout them  to the mind. Though, none of them actually matters to me because  felt it achieved everything it needed to . And there is so much i love about this film that I wouldn't change a single thing about it i can't remember the last time I saw something with so much charm and beauty to it and it was not just one single thing I could point out to say why I love this movie The beautiful dichotomy of the lives of two star-crossed lovers loving vicariously about one another, capturing the carefree nature of adolescence like that melancholic feeling of watching a long summer's day passing by, that dreamlike quality of longing for something that seems preordained yet lost, while mixing in themes of fantasy long-distance relationship and natural disaster, somehow weaving all this into a compelling narrative. There are so many elements blending together to create a piece of work that spokes me on so many levels that went beyond just breaking down characters, animation, writing, and music. I walk out the theater with the same bittersweet joy of meeting a lost friend you wouldn’t see again for a long time with a reignited passion for this medium I love so much and that's not one thing you can just put on a one to ten review scale. To me it was a masterpiece and no matter of plot holes, character, writing or melodrama could take that away from me, but I know that not everyone will share the same experience I did, or come to the same conclusion. There will be people who didn't appeal to, some will have gotten too caught up in the hype or simply couldn't connect to it as much for whatever reason and that's fine.No one will ever create a piece of work that would appeal to absolutely everybody, so why is it that we pretend a good review something that can objectively break down what makes piece of media good or not. Many self-proclaimed critics I've seen always hard back to the writing and characters as the absolute backbone of what makessomething good, as if there's only one specific formats to making a great show, which is something I totally disagree with. Sure there is a guide book of theories to what makes good filmmaking a storytelling which applies the majority, but we shouldn't forget what they are: aguide not an absolute. And there are exceptions to every rule. Every anime sets out to achieve something different and part of the charm of certain movies or shows is the way they are able toimpress you even if it clearly has flaws, or sometimes even embracing them. We sayshow don't tell then along comes the monogatari series showing us that we cancraft an interesting story almost entirely through dialogue. If charactersand writing were all that mattered then we wouldn't get things like the mind-blowing visual extravaganza that was “red line”.  Girl and guy came to celebrate the cheesy horror tropes weall thought we were tired of, and the ending of evangelion was such a raw, unfiltered outcry of emotion that’s love or hated, has remained a topic of discussion and a resonating moment for many people to this day. So what is it that really makes the show means something to us. The conclusion I've come to is that there is no single technique that portrays this but there isa common driving force I felt from all these shows: passion and communication. At the end of the day anime is a form of art, a way for the creators to communicate to the audience in some way whether it will be an idea or feeling, experience or something else. And my favorite shows are the ones where this communication really resonated with me maybe was a hype scene, a beautiful moment, a genius piece of writing and i'm sure you all have your own personal examples, which is why i feel like the best critics are people who can break down why a movie or anime appeals to them, and what aspect of it would appeal to an individual audience member rather than a blanket statement of why is objectively good. Nothing about this is objective soinstead of condemning subjectivity why are we embracing it? Most of my favorite ever shows had nothing to do with taking up some predetermined categories but some aspects of feeling that I really liked about it. Recently I've seen an increase in people embracing the criticalanalysis of anime which is great you know. There's nothing wrong with promoting a smart way of looking at a medium but I think in doing so I feel we've created a community that upholdshaving a higher knowledge and appreciation of the inner workings behind your favorite shows more than just, having fun. It is possible to embrace critical thinking while acknowledging the subjectivity of it, so we may joke about it but there's certainly no such thing as a bad taste in anime. In fact, I think the worst thing you can do is either keep a closed mind or alter your taste so it's more respectable. I've seen far too many people try to hide their actual taste because they think it's too mainstream or too trashy or something that isn't critically acclaimed There's nothing wrong with your favorite anime even if it doesn't take all the boxes of characters or writing or cinematography, or if you just like it for some really stupid reason, and it's definitely nothing wrong with thinking some critically acclaimed shows are just boring as hell.  If you can unashamedly say: “hey, i just really like this trashy show, because it was trashy.” All the moral  power to you! I unashamedly hold love hina close to me because it reminds me of a time whenmy adolescence romanticize the concept of just finding a partner who would accept me. And every so often another show comes along just appeals to that side of me even if I know it'sabsolutely trashy. Your taste reflect who you are as a person. Your interests are shaped by your experiences and upbringing that made you the individual you are today. So why the hell shouldn't you be proud of that? It shouldn't be about having superior taste. It shouldn't be about showing off how much knowledge you have, and it definitely shouldn't be about showing how much smarter you are than other people. It should be about keeping an open mind, embracing individuality and most of all having fun.  I'm the type of guy who can be groping at the complex narrative presentation scene as Satoshi Kon's of work, and then arguing over which monogatari girl has the most appealing bus in the same conversation. In fact, those were some of the most interesting conversations I've ever had, with some of the most interesting people I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Whatever shows hold a special place in your heart are special because that's the person you are. So don't forget that. And I guess all I really wanted to say through all this mindless rambling without any real point I was trying to make was that: I saw an anime the other day,and I liked it a lot,  it was pretty great.  No. In fact,  it was perfect。
  